How to be green
By one-lingling
How green are you?
Answer these questions and find out
Do you walk or ride a bike to school?
Do you buy new clothes just because they are modern?
Do you turn off the lights when you leave the room?
Do you take your own bag when shopping and not ask for a plastic bag?
Do you buy drinks in bottles?
And what do you do with the bottles when they are empty?
Do you divide the waste into things to recycle and things to throw away?
We all need a healthy environment
But we produce waste every day
And it is harmful to our environment
Repeat these three words daily
Reduce, reuse and recycle
Reduce
Reduce means use less
Do not waste things
It saves money and causes less pollution
Do not order more food than you can finish
Turn off the lights when you do not need them
Before you buy something new, think whether it is really necessary
Because maybe the old one is just as good
Reuse
Reuse means use again
Use things for as long as possible
Look after them so that they will last
Repair them if possible
Do not throw them away and buy new ones
Do not use paper cups or paper bags
It is better to use china cups and cloth bags
Because they can be used many times
Recycle
Recycle means change things into something else to be reused
Although it takes energy to change things into something else
It is better than throwing things away or burning them
We throw tons of rubbish away each year
And we have to make a change
Divide your rubbish into plastic, glass, paper and rubber
Develop a recycling policy for the whole community
Buy products such as recycled paper to help save trees
We cannot hope for rapid change
But let's take these simple steps today
So that we will save the world for our grandsons and granddaughters tomorrow